feat: Add the shared client theme object on message sent and in message object (#3209)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added `SharedClientTheme` object for sending and receiving client themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for sending and receiving client themes.
```

- Support for **Python 3.14**.
  ([#2948](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2948))

> - Added `SharedClientTheme` support for sending client themes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `SharedClientTheme` object for sending and receiving client themes.
```
